Constatus REST interface
------------------------
URL: http://HOST:PORT/rest/[ID|"cmd"]/...

 * host/port are a http-server endpoint configured in constatus.cfg
   This end-point must have "is-rest" set to true (enabled). If you require a regular web-interface, configure a second (or third) for that.


After "rest/", the either an ID or the string "cmd" follows.
"cmd" means that an action is to be invoked which is not for a specific module.
e.g.:
* http://HOST:PORT/rest/cmd/list-files

Each module, as you may have seen in constatus.cfg, has an 'id="..."' identifier. This identifier is used to indicate which module the action is to be invoked on.

To known which ID is used for each module, invoke the following url:
* http://HOST:PORT/rest/cmd/list
This can result in e.g.:
	{
		"msg": "OK",
		"result": true,
		"data": [{
			"id": "1-1",
			"id-str": "stream only, motion compatible",
			"id-descr": "[0.0.0.0]:8081",
			"type": "http-server",
			"running": "true",
			"enabled": "true"
		}, {
			"id": "1-2",
			"id-str": "admin interface",
			"id-descr": "[0.0.0.0]:8082",
			"type": "http-server",
			"running": "true",
			"enabled": "true"
		}, {
			"id": "1-3",
			"id-str": "motion trigger(s)",
			"id-descr": "",
			"type": "motion-trigger",
			"running": "true",
			"enabled": "true"
		}, {
			"id": "2-1",
			"id-str": "write everything to disk",
			"id-descr": "/data2/voordeur / hour-",
			"type": "stream-writer",
			"running": "true",
			"enabled": "true"
		}, {
			"id": "2-2",
			"id-str": "",
			"id-descr": "http://localhost:8089/",
			"type": "source",
			"running": "true",
			"enabled": "true"
		}]
	}

As you see in this example there are 2 HTTP servers (1-1, 1-2), a motion-trigger(1-3), etc.
Note that each ID in the configuration-file must be unique if you wish to use the REST interface!

Each end-point returns the following json:
	{
		"msg": "OK",
		"result": true
	}
or if there's any data:
	{
		"msg": "OK",
		"result": true,
		"data": ...
	}

The following end-points are availble:

* not requiring an ID

	* list
	  Get a list of (running) modules.

* these require a module-ID

	* list-files
	  Get a list of recorded files for the selected target.

	* take-a-snapshot
	  Take a picture immediately via the selected soruce.

	* start-a-recording
	  Start recording a move immediately via the selected soruce.

	* pause
	  Pause a module with whatever it is doing.

	* unpause
	  Unpause a module with whatever it is doing.

	* stop
	  Stop a module with whatever it is doing.

	* start

	* list-motion-trigger
	  Retrieve a list of parameters that can be set on a motion-trigger module.
	  e.g.:
		{
		  "msg": "OK",
		  "result": true,
		  "data": [
		    {
		      "key": "noise_level",
		      "type": "int",
		      "value": "32"
		    },
		    {
		      "key": "percentage_pixels_changed",
		      "type": "double",
		      "value": "0.600000"
		    },
		    {
		      "key": "keep_recording_n_frames",
		      "type": "int",
		      "value": "15"
		    },
		    {
		      "key": "ignore_n_frames_after_recording",
		      "type": "int",
		      "value": "5"
		    },
		    {
		      "key": "pre_record_count",
		      "type": "int",
		      "value": "1"
		    },
		    {
		      "key": "max_fps",
		      "type": "double",
		      "value": "-1.000000"
		    }
		  ]
		}

	* configure-motion-trigger
	  Set a parameter on a motion trigger module.
	  URL:
		http://HOST:PORT/rest/ID/configure-motion-trigger/KEY/VALUE
	  e.g.:
		http://HOST:PORT/rest/ID/configure-motion-trigger/max_fps/5.0

	* get-brightness
	  Get brightness of the camera, the range and if it is available.

	* set-brightness
	  Set brightness of the camera (if available, see get-brightness).

	* get-contrast
	  Get contrast of the camera, the range and if it is available.

	* set-contrast
	  Set contrast of the camera (if available, see get-contrast).

FIXME
